# todo.txt specs: https://github.com/todotxt/todo.txt ; http://todotxt.org/
Change licenses to Apache 2
Review plane onClick problem: if there is no plane after pointer, there is no problem, could be affected by the other plane, or maybe just that backface works fine.
handling when a player leaves on any gameStage
handling spectator entering on any track gameStage
client: handle server restart while playing
handling server going down in middle of any of the gameStage (client should recover even if track is aborted, and game idle again)
Add some ads of "built by DAO"
on each mini-game show the clock to tie_break (out of game-runner but in game-machine ? whos responsibility?)

(A) instructions countdown, if no-one perss any key during instructions, advance game
(A) avoid any way of block waiting for spectators or people wanting to play, e.g. track never ends
(A) machine should send land and gameInstanceId to server, it will create db row in GameInstance if necessary, ws-room should have filter to join with land+gameInstanceId, it will have effect on played-games endpoint.
(B) +1 add animate API utilities
(B) +1 generation of random track also should be seed based
(B) +0 MESSAGE & EVENTS as enum
(B) Create Frame Component

(C) When server is disconnected: try to connect X times, or add button to manually connect
(C) Add sounds +game
(D) add secret seed from .env that will be used as part of the seed for games
(D) Allow to configure the game instance from web-app
(D) Clean & Refactors
(E) Implement ads (out of machine, machine should keep most simple as possible)
(E) Use remote sprite-sheets
(E) Use remote instructions

(C) +game Add invaders mini-game
(C) +game Add obstacles mini-game (runner)
(C) +game Add catch 100 mini-game
(C) +game Add Rotation mini-game

(F) Refactor: reusable cursor feature +game @refactor

(A) +bug spectator: waiting screen
(A) +bug

BUG handling when user leaves in middle of a game
allow to set an instance to test 1 game byt passign parameter testGameId:number, will be sent to room and track will be all of this game
add option to stop waiting/creating a match
when a user creates a match, if waiting time is higher than 60 seconds, reset the room, because maybe someone created it and left: also if user leaves, quit

tournaments: chess swiss system


report dcl-sdk7 pointer issues
2023-11-14 Refactor REVIEW if to make Spectator-Screen-Runner ? simpler version without interval auto-run
Option to set if Only players can hear the sound (e.g. in a concert or conference)
can optimize spawner maybe? remove entity and reuse later, when creating sprie in screen, if there is available, use it instead of creating a new one
each mini-game can have own sprite-sheet with instructions, which is a full screen with frames like a gif, like 2, 3 or 4 frames, 1 per second
when player loads scene and server is down, try to connect on interval , or with button?
review to test/fix/improve when spectator joins at different moments, like showing instructions, or game started, etc.
bug: from same computer, having an incognito window playing the game,
count times where tie-breaker: if all mini-games were tie-breaker, most sure is invalid game to take into account.
x player 1 name, is not taken fine when spectator.
x (B) 2023-11-14 +web Finish Design/Analysis tournament API & web-app @api @web
x (C) 2023-11-18 limit gameplay to best of 5 mini-games
x (B) 2023-11-18 +game Add frog mini-game
x (A) 2023-11-28 2023-11-14 +game Add shared screen game @mini-game
x (A) spectator
x (A) bug: end screen: should not show create button
x (A) allow reconnection when connection is lost
x (A) when server is down when scene is loading, try to connect on intervals